well hello there welcome to Rocky Balboa
Beach are you sick of those southern
beaches with that nice that knife but
soft white sand who wants that anymore
when you have this
sand of the earth
are you sick of that salty water that
clear salty water
you need to come to rocky balboa beach
the vaccine
the only for that
check this out
you don't get any better than that guy
you don't get any better than that
Jessica why don't you tell us about the
wood well i'd like to tell you that our
beach
rain a great wave and stick if that's
what you like
they're all right but we got some kind
here yeah
here o.o a rare species
twister yeah I mean where do you get
that anywhere else you know
and also if you like that feeling
cheap of them
well you got it right
another great advantage of Rocky Balboa
Beach is the privacy that you will have
while you are laying here hey Mary will
definitely have you should binoculars
over the privacy okay here oh yeah
there's no way there's no
you'll never see one never
all the primatene the world all privacy
you got love for me here
that big
at Rocky Balboa a very great grade
to be biologists or you're just a fan of
fossils in general I mean this physical
play stuff lined up I mean why don't we
just take a quick look and this is just
without any preparation just what we
found in this area right now okay
seriously right now let's take a look
great
I found a shell right away which you
know will become a fossil simulator if
running over to the
right we will see a fish carcass look at
that oh that's not really going to
fossil up isn't it
Oh leave it right in between everything
we're seeing a little bit of a crab claw
crab claw Oh father oh if this is nature
people this is named Ray and if you want
to be a part of nature
alright
it's got me right there look at the
clothespin yeah where else would you
find a nice closed timelike that rusted
you know
Oh
me and Jeff here we come to wrap the
Balboa all the time yes and we are sure
that you're gonna love it it's two
dollars a night two dollars maybe you
felt two dollars bear hat honestly
wow really I mean 10 10 to 20
to ferret yes fair fair that time you
will appreciate it Rocky Balboa
we're all your magical dream come true